Hey,
what's going on?
It's built burn.
It's time for Thursday afternoon.
Just before Friday,
Monday morning podcast and checking in on you.
Uh,
just checking in on you.
I've got to say by voice today cause I'm going to go do some,
uh,
f is for family stuff.
Remember that show came out in December.
Uh,
we'll still working on season two,
so I bring it up every once in a while so you don't forget about us.
Um,
I'm going to go,
uh,
you know,
we,
you,
you're right.
I'm,
then you record them and then you'll look at them with the,
the,
the sort of roughed out.
Animatics is it called?
And then you're like,
well that didn't work.
I don't think that's going to be funny.
And then you got to punch it up and uh,
you know,
it's weird stuff on the page and shit that's on the table read.
All of a sudden when you draw it,
you line it up with the characters.
Sometimes you know,
things that you thought were going to work,
don't,
and then other things that you didn't think much of do work.
So,
so we're doing all that shit.
So anyways,
all freckles was a recording yesterday.
And,
um,
took my old truck out,
the old 68 f 103 on the tree,
having a great fucking at times got ac and I still don't use it.
I haven't used it in so long.
I actually don't remember how to put it in to how to put it on me.
Sorry,
how to turn it on.
Because when they put it in,
they showed it to me and like,
it doesn't line up to what it says.
Like literally you move it over to like heat and cold air comes out or some shit
like that.
Um,
it's Kinda as part of the fun at owning the thing.
And uh,
I gradually figured it out,
but you know,
as long as you're not sitting in traffic and you're driving along,
you get the little triangle windows open,
you blow air in and it's,
it's cool.
So,
um,
anyways,
I went to,
uh,
I went to leave the record and a la is just a relentless place when it comes to
traffic.
It's has like this sixth sense,
like it knows what you're trying to do and they do everything they can to
prevent you from taking any time off of your trip.
They put up,
they put up concrete barriers.
They have right turns only not a through street.
Yeah.
There's just,
they just like fuck you.
There's one way to go home.
Everybody get on it and they just funnel you down this thing and they go,
just sit in it and listen to your books on tape and till you get to your house.
That's basically how it works.
So every once in a while you try to make a move.
And I gotta be honest with you,
when I see other people making a move and they,
and they pulled it off,
I always say,
hey,
good fan.
Nice,
smooth,
nice,
smooth.
So I'm sitting there,
gone,
I go out,
I want to go left.
I want to jump on the 10 right?
You can't go left.
You can only go right.
So I go right and I'm like,
[inaudible] fuck me.
And I'm watching all these cars passing me going the direction I want to know.
Go and I'm thinking in my head,
I'm going to be behind all these motherfuckers,
do the right thing,
Bill,
go up to the light to make a left,
to then make another left and another left,
and then a right to fucking,
you know what happened to it properly.
And I'm sitting there waiting to make this left and all of a sudden the oncoming
traffic just trickles to a stop.
And there's just like this,
a little entrance way into a strip.
So I'm like,
why don't just bang a Uie right here.
Look around.
I don't see any cop.
Well,
one I had just gone by,
but he was all the way up the way,
you know?
So I think he's got his eyes front.
So I say fuck it.
And I Bang a little uturn and I'm riding along.
My God,
that was great.
You know,
running through the gears wins.
Coming in,
driving an old pickup truck,
a Maca,
right?
I'm having a great time and all of a sudden look behind me.
Go,
oh,
look at that fucking motorcycle,
man.
I'm a motorcycle guy.
Like it.
Let's,
let's check it out.
See what's going on with that fucking motorcycle.
Then I go,
oh,
that's a cop.
It's a cop.
And I was like,
well,
he's not doing anything.
So he didn't see me.
And then I just started thinking how funny it is,
or weird or whatever you want to call it,
that they're fucking,
they ride on BMW's now instead of Harley Davidson's,
you know,
you want to talk about not patriotic,
you want to talk about people standing at a,
sitting down during an anthem.
Our own fucking police officers are on BMWs.
MMM.
It's a great bike though from what I heard anyways.
Um,
so he's just behind me,
whatever.
And then like we're inching along traffic inch along tried,
he's behind me for like five minutes now.
We make a left to get on the tent,
the highway,
and then all of a sudden he turns on his lights
and I'm sitting there going,
wow,
what am is after he sort of zigzag and he's on a motorcycle,
so it's hard to fucking tell who he's after.
So I finally just like,
I point at myself like me,
any nods,
sound like I fuck is it something going on with my registration?
Cause at this point the u turn was like six,
seven minutes ago,
so I don't remember it.
Right?
So I fucking Polo right?
And the guy gets off his back,
his back of his bike right out of the gate.
His fucking head does not fit the helmet.
His face is all mushed and he looks like fucking Eli Manning.
So I let out a chuckle before he gets up there and I'm like,
Bill,
get your fucking game face on.
If you're going to get out of this,
you can't be fucking laughing at the guy,
right?
So he comes up with his face all fucking much to the thing and it goes,
uh,
yeah.
Hey,
he goes,
you made an illegal u turn back there,
right?
I'm thinking,
how the fuck did this guy see it?
Oh by the way,
the cruiser that went by me,
he crossed,
he made a left and just fucking pulled in a store did a big,
you turn in the store.
The exact fucking thing that I did.
Yeah.
So I'm sitting there going,
this mother fucker.
I know,
I know what happened.
He didn't even say,
I built this whole conspiracy in my head.
I'm like this fucking mushed at face,
son of a bitch.
He didn't even see what I did.
The fucking asshole and the cruiser told them what I did and then he pulled me
over and then I'm thinking then I fucking,
when I cooled off it's like no,
he was probably hiding right in a place I couldn't see cause people probably do
this all the time there.
It's a little fucking trap.
They make a ton of fucking money and yeah,
the DOPA got caught today and all he did was way too.
You got to a place where he was going to pull you over.
Meanwhile he ran your plate and made sure you didn't have any felonies so he
knew what you would want.
He was walking up to,
that's probably what the fuck happened.
So he fucking pulls up,
licensed,
had registration,
then I give them my insurance in the end.
I had the wrong insurance card in there.
Uh,
you know,
it's going down hill quick.
So he ended up being cool.
He came up and he was just like,
look,
I'm not going to write you for the insurance,
but uh,
just sign this.
It's an admission of guilt.
Even though I knew I was guilty,
it was fucking annoying.
Self Vietnam.
I signed the thing and he goes,
we try to get on the tent.
I'm like,
yeah.
He goes,
just go up here and make a right,
make another right go running.
And I appreciated that.
So it wasn't a bad guy.
All right.
But um,
oh that fucking,
I know.
I just,
it's,
yeah.
You know,
that's what easy stuck getting all that.
You start being that white guy.
Oh,
a tax payer,
you know,
get all indignant.
It's like fuck head.
You broke the law.
You knew you broke the law.
You knew you were breaking it when you were doing it.
You will look in around from aren't you really just mad?
Aren't you really just mad that you didn't see the guy?
Isn't that what it is now?
The younger meek wouldn't have been able to get to that place.
So,
um,
that's it.
And then I just fucking drove home.
So this is my little ticket story.
Um,
anyways,
uh,
by the way,
on the Monday morning podcast I mentioned when I'd watched the last f one race,
Lewis Hamilton,
how he got those grid penalties and I didn't know what they were for a,
this kind of,
this is kind of interesting.
This is almost like a salary cap in f one a grant and Ellie read this once.
I'm new to this sport,
so people who've watched the sport,
if you want to help me out,
you don't have to say hey fuck head before you know you,
you correct me.
But basically for people that don't watch the shit,
it's kind of cool.
You're only allowed to use so many parts over the course of the year and it was
basically done to keep the price of racing down.
It's almost like a salary cap now to me.
I would think that Ferrari and Mercedes and the likes have like unlimited um,
funds but whatever.
So you only allowed to use so many different engine parts or whatever.
So Lewis Hamilton I guess had an engine or something or two or something blow
earlier in the season.
I Dunno what the fuck happened.
I forget.
All I know is that he used too many parts so he got an unpressed for each like
violation.
You get moved back so many places like so say you're in the pole position,
you're going to start number one and a,
you get dinged for,
I don't know,
using a fucking a,
I don't know too many radiators
and say that's like a f a five spot penalty.
Now you went from number one,
now you start at number six.
Well Hamilton's team got an unprecedented 50,
um,
whatever grid penalties.
So he went from all the way in the front to dead last the 25th.
Now here's the weird thing.
Like those,
those penalties don't carry over.
So he took all 50 only moving back 25 wiped them all off the map and the guy
went from 25th to third.
He still got on the fucking podium,
so they got to use all these extra parts and he really didn't pay for it.
So it was kind of a great,
uh,
it was a very shrewd move evidently by the Mercedes team.
So there you go.
See,
I learned a little something.
You know what else I learned?
This is really,
really embarrassing.
Um,
so I got on the scale like I worked out like two days in a row,
did 45 minutes of cardio both days to just knock a few pounds off before I had
the balls to do my way in.
Jesus Christ says biggest number I've ever put up.
All right.
I guess I stepped on the scale and I go,
man,
I'm feeling like a buck 83 buck 84 I was one 89.8 and I just walked the dog
around the block.
So I was over a buck 90.
I've never seen the nine.
Okay.
I've never seen the nine in the second position since I've been in like the
fucking seventh grade or sixth grade and I weighed 90 pounds.
Um,
terrifying.
And of course I got a special coming up.
So now I am um,
I back to eating as perfectly as I know how to and just totally working out.
And what's cool is the first week whenever you go to lose weight for people out
there,
because I know everybody struggles with it.
That first fucking week,
if you go hard and you eat perfect,
I mean you can lose like three to four pounds easy if you're my built.
If you're a big motherfucker,
you could probably lose even more than that cause it's like a percentage of your
body weight and it's basically because your body I think is so used to laying
around eating a cheese plate,
finishing off a bottle of wine like you some fucking pirate that took over
somebody's boat.
That's the way I was living.
I didn't tell you guys just went on when we were in a,
the Amalfi coast in,
in the room,
they had a,
a bottle of Johnnie Walker black and I started just sipping on that thing like
every day,
like earlier and earlier.
And then I got like this weird fucking OCD slash you know,
played a lot of sports growing up.
So you get that competitive thing,
like this fucking bottle thinks it's going to defeat me.
And I just started doing a third,
a third and a third just
knocking it out.
I fucking finished two bottles when I was over there and 10 days,
man is fucking bad.
It was bad.
But Oh,
I had a nice glow going from,
as they say back east go dude,
I got a good glow going right from like,
uh,
it started started at like around 11 in the morning,
you know,
I'm on vacation,
fuck off.
Right.
And I would just keep this glow go and
mmm.
Until like lunchtime.
And then I wouldn't eat for like an,
I mean when drink for an hour or so seats start coming down and I just slam a
couple of waters so I wouldn't get like that mild hangover.
And then,
uh,
we go see some shit and then I'd come back and have another couple,
two,
three.
Then we go out to dinner.
Oh,
fucking Billy velvet face,
red velvet cake.
There I go outright to have some pasta.
Right.
As,
as you know what they kept saying,
like that was a secondary.
There's,
so I'm like,
well,
I got to go to and then once,
so I would do that.
And then I would also order a main course,
which by the way,
I learned on below the deck,
the way we call it an entree is stupid because that's actually the French word
for enter,
meaning basically an appetizer.
So the English guy on there like stop calling it an entree.
You fucking Americans.
Right?
So,
um,
the main course I was ordering like a,
like a fucking,
I dunno,
a fucking war zone or whatever,
you know,
uh,
Ravioli fucking Spaghetti Bolognese.
And then I would have some fish after that and I was fucking drinking a giant
bottle of wine,
you know,
I was going like,
rest his soul James Scandal Fini right.
I was living the fucking high life.
And then I'd come home and then I'd have another couple,
two or three,
right?
I was going Keith Richards with the shit.
And uh,
I was kind of forgetting how many calories that was.
But every morning I get up and I'd fucking get on the elliptical for a good half
hour.
I'd throw the weights around and I'd swim in the Mediterranean.
I was thinking like,
and you know what the deal,
and I was thinking that I was actually keeping it at bay like I was doing all
right.
But you know that deal,
you can do an hour of cardio and if you eat two Oreo cookies,
three Oreo cookies,
you basically,
and you can eat three Oreo cookies.
You know,
you can meet in like the cookie monster.
You can even like eight seconds.
Or you can be a gentleman and basically eat three Oreo cookies in 90 seconds.
Just watching TV.
Not Thinking,
eat one,
just sit there.
I mean if you,
if you eat three Oreo cookies while not paying attention to the sleeve of
cookies that's next to you and it takes you 90 seconds to eat it,
you are a gentleman,
you are a lady,
you will raised,
right.
Okay.
But even then in that 90 seconds you can negate everything that you did for
fucking
an hour.
It's sucked.
So I wasn't really thinking like that.
So I came back and I was one 89.8 so I've been fucking hitting it hard.
Got on the scale today.
I was one 86.2.
Um,
and uh,
I got to get down to my,
I got to get down to about a buck,
70 bucks,
72 for my special.
So that's what I'm doing.
And now I'm just driving by liquor stores.
And last night it took Nia out.
You know,
we had a great night,
great summer night out here.
I took her out to get some gelato and she,
and I was like literally staying in the car cause it's like I'm not going to go
in there.
I'm not going into the crack store is a crackhead and fucking say I don't want
any crack.
That's not gonna work.
Right.
But she did the woman thing like,
you know,
if it's not,
give any fun,
if I go in there by myself,
so I'm like,
fuck,
all right.
I go,
go in and I'll fucking drive around the car.
So I drive around the block,
fucking park,
the old Prius,
right.
And we're fucking go in there and like,
it's just the smell,
the smell of sugar in the air.
It was like so palpable.
I can't,
I can't believe I wasn't like literally like feeling the grains of it,
but the granule texture of it going up my fucking nose.
And um,
I was just like,
no,
I'm good,
I'm good.
She's like,
you sure you just want to bite?
I was like,
no,
I'm a crackhead.
You fucking,
you just want to take one hit off the pipe.
It's like,
no,
I'm gonna be back on it.
So I just sat there,
white knuckling it.
Fortunately there was this young couple that had a little puppy,
a Weimer Reimer hubby say it.
So I got to play with that thing a little bit,
but then I look over in the corner and they had fucking,
um,
they had like roots bear,
which is my favorite,
you know,
other than that,
than the orange fant at the Mexican one with the real fucking sugar.
Alright.
What truly makes me nervous about the wall that Trump wants to build?
I mean,
does that mean that we don't get the real coke?
You know what the real sugar in it as opposed to the fucking hybrid sugar that
they've been putting in our shit since the late seventies.
And whenever the fuck they did it,
I didn't research it.
Um,
but I,
I was able to,
uh,
I was able to get out of there.
Then we just took the dog for a walk while she ate an ice cream.
Good,
clean,
fun.
I came home and by then I was already going like,
uh,
so like Tequila,
Tequila doesn't have a lot of calories,
right?
If you have like a Tequila with like a little bit of lime and my wife's gone no,
and she was laughing.
She goes,
look at you cave in already and uh,
she goes,
I thought it was vodka.
I don't know which one.
Right?
So I'm sitting there and I'm standing and staring at my fucking liquor cabinet,
which I would put up against the 96 balls,
the 86 Celtics,
the 85 Lakers,
the 1927 Yankees.
I would put my bottles up against that.
Huh?
You want to go Babe Ruth Lou Gehrig?
I got fucking uh,
uh,
I got pappy van Winkle.
I got fucking Johnny Walker blue.
I got this fucking top of the shelf Tequila having looked like I don't fuck
around.
Like that's what I like is because I don't want to drink and drive or anything.
And I also don't want to go out to fucking bars at this point.
I'm too fucking old.
So what I like what helps us,
if you buy top of the line booze,
you just sitting at home like why would I go out to pay 10 times more for
fucking 10 times less?
Right.
Why would I go out for a hamburger when I got steak at home kid?
So I'm looking at this,
it's like the fucking Oscar red carpet
of fucking bottles of booze.
You know,
I've got some bullshit and then I got some bullshit for like when I want to get
fucked up.
You know what I mean?
When I'm going to get fucked up,
it's basically,
well,
I'll take you through my fucking alcoholism here when I want to get fucked up.
When?
Oh,
Billy bread cakes wants to get fucked up.
I like a little maker's mark.
You don't give a shit like maker's mark is like the Mississippi River.
I mean,
it's never going to run out.
It just keeps coming down the pipe.
You know what I mean?
The other shit is full,
like special occasions,
you know?
So I'll drink or Johnny Walker black.
MMM.
What else are patrones silver?
You know,
I've got a lime tree out the front yard.
It's one of the greatest things about living in La is you can have a lime tree.
You know what I mean?
And the honestly,
you just like,
how much fucking Guacamole can I make here?
You know,
I either got to get some sort of drinking habit or a,
these things are all going to go to waste.
I'll tell you right now,
you get a giant fucking square ice cube.
How thirsty am I making the fucking [inaudible] right now you get a giant square
fucking ice cube and you stick that in a high ball glass.
You pour a high quality fucking Tequila over the top of that,
right.
And you squeeze of freshly picked fucking lime off your tree.
You go out on your porch on a hot summer day and you drink that fucking thing.
I swear to God
it's over man.
It's over.
You just,
I don't know what you feel like.
You feel like you're,
it's the 18 hundreds,
you know,
which I don't want to make people who aren't white get all on nervous cause that
was not a good time for them.
But for a white guy,
you know,
it was,
it was pretty cool.
You know,
thinks it's settled down with the people who used to be there who now weren't,
uh,
you could come rolling in afterwards,
get yourself a spread,
right.
Sit out there.
Would you be drinking Tequila though?
I don't fucking know.
You know,
there really is like 52 versions
of us history.
It all depends on who tells it and how you remember it and how fondly or on
fondly you remember it.
Um,
anyways,
so I,
but I sat there staring at it.
I was like,
no,
not tonight.
Maybe tomorrow.
If you want to have a drink,
have it tomorrow.
And I went to fucking bed,
I had a little bit of water and then that was it.
And uh,
I'm glad I didn't give into the fucking ice cream.
I didn't give into the booze.
I thought Jesus Christ,
I had a fucking Turkey slices with a set with and it was the fucking like,
whoa.
Like they took it out of the oven kind of Turkey.
All right.
Not The fucking filled with salt,
cold cut Turkey.
It was right out of the oven Turkey.
So basically I had a Turkey that probably had its beak cut off and it was pumped
with some sort of cow hormones.
So that's about as healthy as you can get nowadays.
Um,
but anyways,
I got to fucking turn this,
I got to turn the ship around here.
Um,
so I got to go hard here over the next month and being at home is not going to
be a difficult thing,
but it's going to be difficult when,
uh,
I'm on the road,
which by the way,
you didn't ask,
uh,
next week I will be on the road and uh,
I'm doing the makeup show,
that long island show out on long island.
This was the one that I was supposed to do back in,
I believe January when I was coming back,
he used to do the uh,
Patrice O'Neal benefit and uh,
unfortunately there was so much snow back there and there was like three days
worth of backed up flights I just couldn't get in so I had to reschedule it.
So now I am finally coming back and that is going down on,
uh,
September 7th.
And um,
hopefully my website will load here.
All right.
And then after that I go to Charleston,
South Carolina,
one of the greatest and most underrated cities in the United States of America,
Charleston,
South Carolina.
Okay.
If you're a little bit older and your kids are out of the fucking house,
or if you're an old soul like me,
that is a fucking great place to take your lady.
It is.
It's unbelievable,
right along the water.
And it's just like,
it's,
it's the old south,
you know,
when Hollywood makes movies about the old south and they just sort of ignore
slavery,
you know,
those,
that's what it looks like.
There's nothing horrific going on.
It's just the charming houses,
the amazing fucking weather and that laid back vibe.
And you just walk around the town.
It's absolutely fucking gorgeous.
It's Mayberry,
right?
And there's,
there's some sort of wine place there that has cigars in the back.
And I remember being there.
It was me versus Jason Law,
hadn't his dad,
the legendary Jim Lawhead hall of fame,
High School Basketball Court coach.
Um,
we,
uh,
we all sat out smoking cigars and having a glass of wine just out on the
sidewalk telling stories in my head was killing us,
just fucking act and out all the stories.
It's just one of the great fucking nights on the road I've ever had,
so very excited to come back there.
Then I go in to Charlotte,
North Carolina.
Okay.
Charlotte International,
same Sprague white there for a while.
Oh,
is it three wives?
That's when everybody gets excited and they stand up.
We'll go to see a Rick,
um,
Charlotte,
North Carolina and a home of the great ric flair.
Woo.
Um,
then I go up to Chrysler Hall in Norfolk,
Virginia.
And uh,
after that,
I think I'm in Richmond.
Let me click here.
Richmond on September 11th.
Never Forget.
Um,
and that's September 11th.
So that's the deal right there.
I'm doing a quick little run there through the south and I might have to take
you through all my dates here.
Um,
okay.
Then I'm going the next week,
September 15th,
16th,
I'm in Durham,
North Carolina.
Oh,
15,
16,
17.
Now would you look at that?
Madison,
Wisconsin,
uh,
the 29th,
impossibly the 30th,
and then I'm in Omaha,
Nebraska on the first,
and guess what?
The Nebraska Cornhuskers.
Okay.
It ain't going to be swapping some paint.
What that fight and the lion,
I no way down in Lincoln.
So I'm with Nick Craig on that one.
And we're going to,
uh,
we're going to fly in early and we're going to drive down and make sure that we
hit that game.
I've always wanted to go to Nebraska game.
Um,
I believe lovies Lovie Smith is with Illinois.
Who the fucking,
I know Nebraska got a good coach,
then they get an NFL coach.
I know back in the day they got that dude from the Raiders and it didn't fucking
work out,
but,
um,
you know,
Nebraska was up powerhouse,
uh,
when I was a kid for a long fucking time.
And actually one of the best college championship games I saw was when,
uh,
the Miami hurricanes beat.
I'm like right in the end,
you know,
with Jimmy Johnson,
I'm not damn capitalists.
Right.
And,
uh,
so they,
I,
I just remember all of those guys turn a Gill,
Mike Rozier all that.
So they got a guy,
Mike Riley.
I don't know who that guy is.
Who the fuck is Mike Riley?
Uh,
I dunno.
Hopefully he's a good coach.
And hopefully this is going to be a great,
uh,
a great game.
Either way,
it's going to be legendary to go.
There's some very excited about that.
Alright,
so that's it.
All right,
now I'm with that.
With that,
let's,
uh,
let's do a little bit of the reeds here for this week.
Um,
all right.
Oh,
Jesus.
Oh Jesus.
That's our old friends.
All Zip.
Are you hiring?
Do you know where to post your job to find the best candidates?
Posting your job in one place isn't enough to find quality candidates.
If you want to find the perfect heart,
you need to post your job on all of the top websites and now you can with zip
woo,
that.com you can post your jobs to 100 plus job sites,
including social media networks like Facebook,
Twitter,
all with a single quick click.
Find candidates in any city or industry nationwide.
Just post once and watch your qualified candidates.
Candidates roll in to Ziprecruiter's.
Easy to use interface,
no juggling emails or calls to your office quickly screen candidates,
rate them and hire the right person fast.
Find out today why zip
recruiter has been used by over 100 million businesses.
And right now I'm listening.
My listeners can post jobs on ZipRecruiter for free by going to
ziprecruiter.com/bird that's zip recruiter.com/ [inaudible] one more time.
Go to zip
recruiter.com/burr.
Alright,
me undies.
Oh Jesus.
He's a two classics.
This is like the WHO and the stones of advertising back to Beck.
All right ma'am.
Oh,
Mandy's me undies.
No more drinking booze.
But Dude,
dude,
do me undies be undies.
You fat fucking fucking Flus.
You fucking stomach hangs over your underwear.
You don't care cause it's nice and soft.
Your balls get cradled like you're in the womb when you put on a pair of me on
these.
Oh yeah,
they won't write up your ass.
And Lynn,
she wanted okay me undies.
Uh,
whether you're wearing a suit or sweats,
you spend almost 24 hours a day in your underwear unless you're Matthew
mcconaughey.
But instead of making a statement like Superman's tights under his everyday
clothes,
your underwear is probably boring beyond aces.
Kier to change that.
What if you get a blow job,
right?
You're going to get one the lady down to customer service,
your wore her down.
She's like,
bye bye.
I'll meet you in the fucking Unisex bathroom,
right?
She goes to take down your fucking dockers and then you're just standing there
in a pair of tighty whities or maybe just a regular pair of fucking gray,
uh,
boxes that you got at the gap.
And she starts having second thoughts going,
well,
this is just another dick on the fucking resume.
I don't need this with the social pressures of,
you know,
what is the number where I start to become a whore,
why will it is my body?
And she starts having all that and meanwhile you dick standing over there like,
hey,
can we have a little fucking help over here?
And the whole thing goes away.
Well,
me undies is here to change that.
Um,
every pair of meundies is made from sustainable source modal modal of fabric
that is twice as soft as cotton.
Nothing can describe the fit and feel of me undies.
But once you try them on,
you'll understand why they are called.
The world's most complex.
Well,
underwear,
underwear.
Yay.
Yeah.
And if you don't love your first pair of undies,
they're free.
No questions asked beyond.
He's has dozens of styles.
Oh my God.
Look at that one and limited edition prints to help you make a statement with
you,
Rhonda.
Where uh,
whether you or anyone,
anyone can see them or not.
Remember Superman.
I,
to me,
that's their code of saying,
remember,
you know,
you're going to get your dick sucked at some point,
right?
You know,
well my why when I give her a show first,
you know,
Baba,
what's the sign with during the finale?
Well,
but um,
right.
That's what she wants to see.
Little fireworks down there.
You know what I mean?
You know,
broad stuff.
You could have the shittiest car.
If you've got a nice interior,
all of a sudden that you know,
this is this nice to feel comfortable feeling a little loose and free shipping
is free and the U S and Canada.
And you can save up to $8 a pair with me undies subscription plan,
get the subscription or a single pair,
get 20% off your first order.
When you go to [inaudible] dot com slash bird that's [inaudible] dot com slash
burr for 20% off your order.
Hey,
Yonnie's dot com slash bar by the way,
you know what that reminds me of?
I have a bone to pick with my wife.
You know,
I,
I subscribe to Rolling Stone magazine.
Okay.
And this sounds like I'm just telling a story while actually making money off
those cons.
I'm not so,
um,
you know,
fucking,
uh,
the,
the magazine comes today and it said,
fucking guy does the talk show who fucking drives around with a Dell and he sing
songs and shit.
You know what I mean?
It's very like musical theater,
like,
like a slumber party can break out at any second.
Okay.
Uh,
so he's on the cover,
essentially.
Looks like he's not wearing any clothes.
He's laying stomach down,
holding like a little sock teddy bear.
You know what I mean?
You know that today's
how we went from Lee Marvin to that.
I don't know what the fuck happened.
Right?
So there's that dude and I'm fucking cracking up going like,
how hard is this guy working his female audience?
Jesus Christ.
He is the key.
It have just been like a bubble over his head going,
oh my God,
you guys right?
Because he's fucking eating some pudding.
So anyways,
um,
okay.
I'm just sitting there laughing and,
and Nia is cracking up too.
They're not making,
you know,
I don't,
I don't give a shit.
That's how he wants to live his life.
God bless him.
You know what I mean?
But this,
it's fucking hilarious.
Maybe that's,
maybe that was the purpose.
Okay.
But anyways,
so somehow we talk about it and she said,
well,
last week Jared Leto was shirtless on the cover
and I'm going,
really,
I don't remember seeing that fucking issue.
She fucking swiped it.
Um,
I'm really talking shit here.
I'm going to have to bring her in for this.
And I was like,
well,
what'd you do with it after you?
She goes,
well I just spread the article.
I was like,
I bet you did.
You fucking animal.
Um,
so there you go.
So my wife is,
I think mentally cheating on me with fucking Jared.
Let them and you know,
what can you honors?
Can you get mad though?
I mean that,
that would be really hypocritical of me cause you know,
if I see a girl with a fat ass and some titties coming down the street,
you know,
I'm going to literally almost break my neck turning around to look at it right
in front of me.
And I always say,
well,
what do you want me to do?
Why don't you want me to sit here and be like all these other guys and fucking,
you know,
out of the corner of my eye,
like literally like strained my fucking whatever.
My,
my,
the Aclo your eye,
whatever the fuck that's called you a little I tendon looking at,
you know.
Okay.
I've been telling for years.
I think if you see a good looking guy,
just look at them.
I don't,
I know what I look like.
I know where I am in the scale of one to 10 I'm in the middle of the pack,
right?
Lance is upfront.
I'm fucking in the back,
you know,
with all those other fucking people,
you know.
And the,
the,
the pendulum,
whatever the fuck they call it.
I don't understand those people.
They really gotta to be sitting in the middle of the pack and go,
why are we doing this to ourselves again?
You know,
why are our legs like 15 [inaudible],
15 sizes?
The size of our arms?
People who ride on bicycles for a living,
it's fucking unbelievable.
Like their legs look like Wiley Coyote when he took that acme shit,
he drank those pills.
It's one of my favorite ones where he runs really fast and it's just the flames
going down the fucking road.
That was the shit.
But like,
it did nothing for his upper body.
That's what,
uh,
the p,
the guys in the Tour de France look like,
you know,
their arms looked like little seventh grade arms.
You know,
like everybody,
my grades is taller than me.
Mom,
that's what their arms look like.
But their legs,
they looked like Earl Campbell.
Um,
I don't,
what am I talking about here anyways?
Yeah,
I was saying,
you know,
so I,
it's like,
I don't mind that you went and fucking,
you know,
fucking curled up.
We'll get a little Jared Leto Leto Letell modal fucking magazine cover.
But you know,
you don't got to sneeze ground.
You can see that.
Okay,
Bill,
this guy is way better looking than you.
So I'm going to go downstairs privately and look at this.
I get it.
Selfie.
That'd be once in a while,
right?
Um,
anyways,
what are we up to here?
Oh,
33 minutes.
Guess what?
I did my fucking job for the week.
By the way,
if you would like to contribute to this podcast without really having to
contribute,
the easiest way to do it is to uh,
go to [inaudible] dot com click on the homepage and then you click on the link
to Amazon and then he go there.
If you buy something,
I get credit for driving traffic there.
So next time you're going to buy something on Amazon,
if you'd like to donate a little bit to the podcast,
if I made you laugh or whatever,
um,
I would appreciate it if you doubt.
I mean it is an extra step.
It is kind of a pain in the ass.
And who's kitten know you're busy,
you got your own life.
I get it.
But you know,
if you've got time I waited,
we'd appreciate it.
All right,
so that's the Thursday afternoon podcast here for this week.
Thank you everybody for listening.
Um,
I will,
I'm going to be fucking 183 pounds by next week.
That's what I'm doing right now.
When 86,
I'm supposed to be one 86 by Tuesday.
That's how it works in every Tuesday.
I have a way in every Tuesday like the UFC,
except I'm not tough,
tough and I'm not fighting.
Right.
So one 86,
then one 83,
then one 81 77,
one 74,
one 71.
And then I'll be right up against the special.
If I just,
you know,
sorta go easy that fucking week I can be about one 71 71.
That'll be fucking perfect.
And I'll come out there looking like a champ,
you know,
and then we'll see how that jokes hold up.
And even if you don't like the jokes just said,
God damn it.
He was really fit as a fiddle.
He would fit as a fiddle.
I got you.
Got to give him that.
All right.
Enjoy the music here as we transition it to a,
uh,
some greatest hits of the Monday morning podcasts from a podcast gone by in a
year that's already happening.
Or maybe it's this year,
but the shifts
going
back,
I actually went to church this week.
Oh,
I went there and the second I walk in,
I just can't,
like I,
I buy into any of it.
I went with a,
I went with Nias mom,
we went to church.
And uh,
what I try to do when I go in there was it go above all of it and try to like,
you know,
connect with something like Whoopi Goldberg and ghost,
try to connect with something else other than what this,
like literally what they're preaching.
It's like,
okay,
I ain't know
you guys had the holy wars.
You had the fucking inquisition.
I mean,
you,
you fucking
okay.
You don't want Jewish people after World War II.
We're trying to get this shit back.
Like the amount of stuff that went into the Vatican,
I mean,
you would down with the Nazis.
Like how is this plate?
Like,
how did Penn state lose all those victories,
right?
Lost all those victories.
And what happened to the Catholic Church?
You know,
I've,
I've talked about this a zillion fucking types.
They have broken on a global level,
every major fucking commandment that there is,
and they just sit there.
Yeah,
holy,
blah,
blah.
Fucking tell me how to live my life.
Um,
yeah,
just don't buy into it.
And then the money basset came around.
I'm like,
I've given these motherfuckers shit
as with Nina's mom.
And I was like,
ah,
I don't want to be an asshole in front of us.
I threw five bucks in their five bucks.
I just paid $5 for the fucking defense attorney in a pedophile case kind of ag
telling me I'm not going to hell right then for being so goddamn stupid.
Okay.
Yeah.
Who was a,
okay.
And they had the guy,
they had the,
this Irish tenor guy who was singing all the songs keep and behind it and he
would do like this big conducting thing.
He was like totally fucking into it to get the crowd going.
Right.
He had this awful suit on.
It didn't fit them,
you know,
looks like he ate donuts and shit and they stay in the guy in the,
the preacher gave him a fucking shout out.
He goes this week,
uh,
we would like to extend a congratulation to a,
that guy over there.
It can't fit into a sport coat for 20 years of sagging songs,
hair.
This judge said,
I want to say here's to another 50 years,
Eric,
this church,
nobody clapping and it's like he's going to be dead at 50
we're all going to be,
I'll be dead.
Well,
maybe not right.
94 would fit here with dentures.
That's going to be a sad fucking day.
Me fucking wheel in my ass under the stage.
Fucking at 94 years old.
You know somebody with a Jetsons haircut me for the show.
Do you still enjoy it?
Do you still a Jew
every night that I could get out there bigger Chabot,
the people's faces.
MMM.
Fucking sitting there instead of like bottled water backstage.
I'll have like vital organs being grown to be inserted in me before I go out
there.
That's like the level of a,
Oh no,
that won't be available to me.
Dick Cheney.
You'll have that shit.
He'll still be walking around here.
MMM.
And it was for the fuck was I just talking about?
Oh yeah.
For another 50 years there at that jr he's going to be dead.
Look at him.
Okay.
He's like 40 pounds over fucking weight.
He's sliding into 50 and about 90 miles an hour without a helmet on the way this
guy's fucking eat and he's not,
he's not gonna make it.
He probably has some fucking horrific collection of porn.
He's not wearing a wedding ring.
This fucking,
he's sweaty like,
okay,
what is he doing this sad?
He has no fucking life.
I feel bad for him.
Let's get him a haircut.
Get him a gym membership,
and how will we make the last seven years of his fucking life enjoyable?
How about that?
Why don't we go out and get a harlot for this guy?
You know,
the physical equivalent to a dozen donuts.
He'll be able to relate,
you know?
Okay.
I'm not even saying any of that's true people.
That's just what was going through my head when I was there.
There was some guy in the pew hate that Word Pew in front of me and he just
looked like an evil motherfucker,
you know,
he was balding.
He was like in his,
uh,
he was like pushing 60.
He was Tan,
he had fucking balding,
but he still is dying.
His hair,
jet black.
And he had a pinky ring and a bracelet on right there.
Pinky ring and a bracelet.
You're dishonest motherfucker.
All right.
Unless you're a check.
If you're a guy and you're wearing that.
Yeah.
You know that Dr Vinnie Boom Bots fucking outfit.
That's it.
You're a piece of shit.
And he just,
oh he looked over at me.
Peace be with you.
I want to be like fuck you
now.
What do you mean what?
You know what it's for.
If whatever the fuck you did for since last Sunday with your pinkie ring and
your bracelet.
Oh Jesus Christ.
I think I was just sitting there judging people.
You know,
they had all two girls,
you know,
set of the altar boys just to keep the priest honest,
which I thought was brilliant.
That's a brilliant way to keep them away from little boys is to let girls do it.
Cause they were all girls.
There was no boys there.
What else can I trash about it?
I can't remember.
You know,
I,
he gave the homily and I didn't remember one fucking thing that he said he
wasn't,
well,
I couldn't understand what he's saying.
I know that was my,
that was my little trip to fucking church.
But I went,
yeah.
But I went and I actually saw the confessionals and I was thinking,
Jesus,
this shit that I have to get off my chest.
And then,
but then I always think like,
what the fuck do I want to tell this guy?
Okay,
why do I gotta go in there and tell it to you?
And then it goes,
yeah.
Then you run it up the fucking line,
you know,
fucking Weirdo.
You just want to hear all the bad shit that I did.
Cause you're not allowed to go out and fucking bang a broad ah,
Jesus bill.
You just,
you're just,
you're just going over old fucking points you've already made.
We get it.
You don't like to shit.
No.
Yeah.
Hey,
what's going on?
It's the Monday morning podcast and I'm doing it on Tuesday because,
uh,
but you know what,
I did one yesterday and I was in the,
I was in an airport again and uh,
it just sucked.
That's what happened.
It started off good.
You know what I mean?
And then it was like evil Knievel when he was jumping the snake river,
you know,
and they fucking,
uh,
they let them off,
you know,
and he went across,
you're like,
Holy Shit,
he's going to make as good a past.
She came out and he just fucking went straight down.
So that's what happened.
He went right to the fucking river and somehow all we got was a bloody nose.
Um,
that's what happened to me yesterday.
I went to do the podcast,
um,
as I was waiting to get on my jet blue flight,
exit row is all set.
Everything was great.
And uh,
you know,
all of a sudden they said that we were switching planes.
We had to get off the fucking plane.
That's what happened.
Then I was in the terminal and then I was pissing in airport again.
And how many times have I done that on my podcast?
Oh,
I'm bill [inaudible],
I'm in an airport.
I'm not happy.
You know what I mean?
Did he really want to fucking hear that story again?
And uh,
so I was getting self conscious about that.
That's what happened.
Now that that's the real thing,
that's what happened.
Then I got self conscious about it,
which made me lose my train of thought.
And the whole thing lost it's fucking momentum.
And the whole podcast went right down to the snake river and that's what
happened.
Okay.
And my nose was bleeding on the plane and everybody thought I was doing coke and
I was trying to say that I wasn't.
And then the stewardess was just like,
is there a problem sir?
Is there a problem?
You know,
she waived the Patriot Act and my face.
Um,
all right.
So anyways,
uh,
this bill Burroughs I mentioned at the top of the poor,
cursed,
it's,
you're new to my page.
I do one of these every single Monday.
All right.
And I have to think that somebody is new to my page because a,
I had my big fancy special,
uh,
Sunday night.
Why do I do this on comedy central?
And if I had half a brain,
I could give you some times as to when it's going to be replaying again,
which of course I don't know.
But um,
I watched three seconds of it cause I can't stand looking at myself and I
thought it looked fucking awesome and uh,
I was happy with it and I want to,
before I get into my bitch and for the week and all that shit,
which I really can't because I'm a really happy about my special so there won't
be a lot of bitching.
I shouldn't have said that.
Cause then you know,
by the end of this thing will be fucking bitching about something.
But um,
I just want to thank everybody who,
uh,
sent me emails telling me how much they liked it.
Um,
uh,
that really means a lot to me and I got to tell you something,
man,
I don't know about other comics,
but I freak right before those things come out.
You know what I mean?
And I sit there and thinking like,
oh my God,
what if everybody thinks it sucks?
And I'm like,
no,
don't do it.
It's good.
Right?
You liked it.
You saw it.
And I know of a little what if,
what if people are fucking,
I stopped playing that mental tenants,
you know,
as I'm standing in a Blimpie or some way trying to think what kind of bread I
want to get when it's really all the same kind of fucking bread.
I like how they got that little fucking little oven.
They're like,
they're like,
it's the old country,
like you're in Europe.
Oh Wow.
And they're baking bread there and say,
ah,
it's just such a fucking scam.
Look at me.
I'm already pitching now.
Let's keep it happy.
Keep it happy.
So yeah.
So basically,
yeah,
it was kind of freaking,
you know,
you want people to like what you do.
And,
uh,
if I liked who I was as a person and I was comfortable with myself,
I would have no need to get on a stage and act like a jackass for a fucking hour
for other people's approval that I've never even met.
Okay.
So they go,
so that,
so anybody who was going to ask me that question like Joe,
do you get free jar right?
The full,
you have like a special coming out,
like,
do you know what I mean?
Like totally rolling on the floor.
Laughing my ass off.
Uh,
yes.
Yes I do.
I do like totally fucking freak out.
Um,
all right.
Okay.
So anyways,
before I get going here with the podcast,
which is a day late and hopefully not a dollar short,
I apologize to all my regular listeners,
all 14 of you.
Um,
you know,
it sucks.
I got a bunch of friend requests and I thought I was finally going to be able to
get up past fucking 28,000 and I added everybody.
I was 28,992 I wanted to get the 29,000.
God Damn,
man,
I swear to God there's a fucking conspiracy here and you know what it is.
It's the fucking Rothschild family and there were all over Facebook.
And I'm telling you that's the scam.
That's the new scam.
And it's time few people to fucking wake up and realize that's your social
networking,
Internet rights and freedoms of being taken away from you.
I'm Joe Biden.
You know,
I don't even know who Joe Biden is.
I've just been hearing his name in the background.
Kind of like,
he's like the Jonas brothers and my cultural world.
Like every time I walk by a magazine,
it's either his face or the Jonas brothers.
And I don't know either one of their material at the Jonas brothers started,
started singing a speech of Joe Biden.
And you told me that that was a number one hit and teenage girls loved it.
I'd have to agree with you.
Those Jonas brothers,
it really wear tight clothes,
don't they?
And is that why the hair is so curly?
Thank you.
Alright,
here's one for you as a little monologue joke for you.
They really do.
They just look really chunky,
like they're going to be fat fucks when they get older.
You know what I mean?
Which be hilarious.
Not like they going to be obese,
but they're going to have that fat middle aged face.
And that's the big thing that nobody talks about when you get middle age like me
is trying not to have a fat porky pig face.
It's the weirdest thing.
Even if you're in shape,
you still get that fucking swollen head.
The cheeks she get the Winston Churchill face,
you know,
jolly,
you get the jolly rosy cheeks.
You know what it is?
It's the booze man.
It's the fucking booze,
which I have laid off for a,
the above two and a half weeks.
I've had a beer and a half at a half a beer at a,
uh,
the uninformed taping that I did with Joe to Rosa,
my XM radio show.
I had half a beer at that.
And let me tell you something.
You stopped drinking beer for two weeks and you drink,
you take a sip of a beer.
Uh,
it's one of the greatest things you've ever tasted in your life.
It's delicious.
Like you ever watch Shawshank redemption and not Tim Robbins when he's sitting
on the roof and he gives that,
that Cunty fucking gorilla maniac guard tax advice and all he wants is some suds
as he talks about.
He talks about just the way he described sitting on that roof.
I guess it's Morgan Freeman's character describes drinking that beer that always
makes me want to drink a fucking beer.
You know,
just drink a 12 pack.
There was a fucking fly in my apartment that he doesn't realize it,
but his life is ending today.
You know what I mean?
I hate being like that,
you know?
I know it's just the fucking insect and shit and you know,
you killed this and then all of a sudden the bees start dropping off.
But he sees fucking obnoxious.
You know,
when you have a house,
fly in and spending your house for a couple of days,
you know,
he started,
he knows he's kind of like an athlete and the twilight twilight of his career.
It's like Brett Farve and the jets,
you know,
successfully that mother fucker sitting right there.
I'm just trying to kill.
This is the first time I ever tried to kill a sly right on my podcast and see on
the inside.
This is a big thing.
You don't know if it's,
is it on the inside or the outside?
All right.
One,
two,
three.
Okay,
motherfucker.
I got you.
Bam.
Right between the blinds.
There you go.
So someday when he insects over this podcast as this is what's going to take me
down,
then I'll try to be like,
no,
that wasn't me.
That was somebody else.
I sold my act to my brother just like that Guy Gallagher.
I sold the podcast to him.
Bill Burr,
part two when he was doing it.
Oh,
that was fucking satisfying.
All right.
It'll be hilarious to,
somebody actually sent me a complaint cause somebody send me an email
complaining about the fact that I just murdered an insect mocking those fucking
Peter Maniacs.
You know what I'm saying?
And I love animals too,
but I just hate groups.
I hate groups of people because in order to get noticed,
they just make a lot of noise and they never come up with a good chance.
And it's just,
I don't know,
it's just fucking annoying to knowing and they gotta do they gotta try to be
shocking,
you know,
like,
it really sucks.
And there's those commercials that they make about cigarettes.
Have you seen that?
They always do some public demonstration.
I don't know what the fuck the name of those commercials are,
but they're so fucking annoying that he,
they just,
uh,
they make me want to smoke.
Just,
I wouldn't smoke,
but you know what I mean?
I can't even explain it.
It's just like,
you know,
they make me want to do something and I don't even want to fucking do
all right.
Whatever.
You guys get the point.
All right.
Whatever.
It's early.
It's me.
Just send me a text message.
Joe,
nick comedian out of,
uh,
San Francisco via fucking,
Pittsburgh said,
uh,
we went to the other Ucla Bruin game last night.
That's another reason why I didn't do the podcast cause I got off the plane.
I got off the plane over there Mang and a teacher,
you get to Yale.
And I,
uh,
went right over to the rose bowl and I went to Ucla,
Tennessee,
Tennessee game fucking unbelievable game.
Went into overtime and a UCLA one it,
and I think I have a team out here.
I was,
I got so fucking into that game.
I'm tie something.
If you guys,
if you're into pro sports,
take a second look at college football and all everybody's psyched about the NFL
dude.
It's fucking bananas.
It's,
it's unbelievable.
Can I just say bananas?
What do said,
I just really hate myself sometimes it's spoken bananas.
It's wacky.
Said bananas and you know,
and I,
you know,
I just made myself sound like I go to games with one of those raccoon coats from
the 1920s.
Rah Rah Sis,
boom by.
Um,
but now it's insane.
You know,
you got like,
the band's going crazy.
The students are going crazy.
They got all those chants and stuff.
It's the closest thing America has to like a,
you have a like watch those,
those,
some of the,
the soccer or football as they call it over in England where people are just
going bananas.
Uh,
I said bananas again.
Jay's is quite,
if I say it one more time,
I'm going to have to hang up on myself.
When the fuck did I start saying bananas?
You know what that's on my friends and everyone around me in my life,
but not saying,
dude,
why the fuck do you say that?
You really need to stop saying that.
It's like some of my relatives in Boston and who say Pissa you see that game
dude?
Yeah,
dude,
it was Pissa like fucking in their 40 still saying that.
It's just,
it makes me fucking skin crawl.
But then I'm saying bananas.
All right.
But anyways,
I'm in college football.
I'm actually,
I'm doing a gig coming up in Austin,
Texas and I'm going to a Texas longhorn Missouri game.
I'm going to be there.
So if you're one of the hundred thousand fucking maniacs,
who was there going nuts rather than bananas?
What's a good way to say bananas?
There's my podcast question for you.
All right.
And speaking of podcast questions,
there's a segue for you.
Um,
we're going to get into the podcast questions,
but first,
a moment from our sponsor.
Last week I talked about a state capitols.
Did you miss that episode?
Well,
maybe she listened to that half hour babbling and,
uh,
I was kind of asking the question is,
why the fuck is it always the second rate?
City always seems to be the capitol.
You know what I mean?
Like it's never,
uh,
you know,
New York,
it's not New York City.
That's what you'd think it would be.
But it's Albany.
Okay.
It's,
you go to Illinois,
it's not Chicago,
it's Springfield.
You go to Pennsylvania,
it's not Philly of Pittsburgh,
it's Harrisburg.
It's always something like,
what the fuck?
You know?
And I thought it was,
cause people initially thought that that was the town that was going to be the
shit.
And uh,
then it stopped being the shit in another town.
It became the shit,
but they already made it be the capitol and they were too embarrassed to say
that they made a mistake.
You know what I mean?
It's kind of like the people like the Jonas brothers right now,
you know,
the Jonas brothers are the,
uh,
musical equivalent to the city of Albany.
That's what I'm trying,
that's what I'm trying to say there.
Um,
so anyways,
this guy tries to claim,
he says on the topic of why cities like Harrisburg and almonds,
Albany,
our state capitols over Philly or New York City.
The reason is because most state capitols are located geographically in the
center of the state.
That way local government,
government officials wouldn't have to travel across the whole state to get to
the capital.
There are a few exceptions like Carson city and Tallahassee,
but overall,
that's the general reason why shit's cities,
our capitals.
Is that true?
Wait a minute.
Boston,
that's not in the middle of this state is provenance.
Provenance Kinda is.
I don't know.
Is that true?
I actually got in one argument that guy the other day,
Pete Dominick comedian,
and he goes,
cite your sources.
You need three sources,
just like journalism.
And I realized that not only do I don't not have three sources,
I usually don't even have one.
I just have my gut going in,
it sounds like fucking bullshit.
And then I just spend it.
So I found like I know what I'm talking about.
So can anybody back up with that guy saying,
is that the real reason for that?
Huh?
Anybody?
Um,
all right,
that's it.
Let's get into the questions for this week.
The podcast questions.
Question number one.
Hey Bill,
I have a question for your podcasts.
Um,
if you were locked in,
this is a great question.
By the way.
This is one of the greatest questions I've,
I've ever gotten.
Okay.
This guy is setting the fucking bar for podcast questions.
All right,
here is the questions.
Here's a question.
Sorry.
If you were locked in a gymnasium full of hundreds of unarmed,
six year olds of various weight,
height races and temperaments and all you had were the clothes on your back,
how many of them do you think you could kill before they overpowered you?
What a fucking great question.
All right,
so obviously I'm setting all morals aside here.
If you set aside all morals and all feelings of guilt and a,
or maybe I just felt like I was right,
like these were evil kids.
I'm trying to think of a reason why a gymnasium full of six year olds of various
weights,
Heisen races and temperaments,
how many do I think I could fucking kill before they overpowered me?
Uh,
let's see here.
The average is six year old has got to be about,
are they four feet,
four feet tall?
Like fucking Tim Duncan was probably four feet tall when he was six.
And there are any future NBA players in this.
If they're not,
if they're just going to be like accountants and fucking,
you know,
occasional wife beater,
that'd be the tough one.
I think,
you know what I'd have to do,
do they know I'm going to overpower me?
I'm just going to have to assume like if they know that I'm coming in there as
the killer of six year olds.
So they all banded together to try to slay me.
I mean,
I think the first thing I'd have to do,
not just not to hack off of,
uh,
ESPN analysts here and use one of their expressions,
but I'm going to have to here.
I think the first thing I'd have to do is I'd have to set the tone and a by
setting the tone,
I mean I just have to do something so fucked up to the first wave of Braveheart,
six year olds coming at me that I would have that give those steps.
Second way that split second of thinking about what the fuck they were doing.
Right.
And uh,
I'm talking about leg sweeps,
the kind that would,
that would blow out an adult ACL.
Okay.
Which w I'm talking,
yeah,
I'm wearing timberlands and I'm going to fucking,
I get one of them with one of those,
you know,
you remember that move?
What's his face used to do?
Andre the giant when they throw a dude off the ropes and he just stick his foot
up.
I don't know man.
I don't know.
Fuck.
I don't know how many I could get,
how many I could kill.
I'd have to fuck them up first and leave them dazed and then I'd have to go back
to finishing them off.
But uh,
if I just had to use my fist man,
I mean,
you know,
even though the six year old that's still a skull,
it's going to hurt.
Wow.
I'm getting really creepy with this on.
Okay.
I would say I could probably fuck up.
I could kill about 11.
I could kill 11 but you know,
I,
you know what,
you know,
I think that I could,
oh,
kill a number that low is because number one,
someone to discovery channel.
I saw this wasp entered this,
this beehive of these honeybees,
and like the wasps scene or whatever the fuck it was can destroy the honeybees.
They can kill like a hundred to one.
They can destroy these fuckers.
So what happened was he went in there,
he was doing surveillance for his,
his wasp or his horn at nest and then all he's going to go back and get his boys
and they were all going to come back or you send it on a signal for them to
come.
So what he didn't realize was the honeybee som and they started like wiggling
their acids as a signal.
And what happened was,
is that the exact fucking moment,
all the honeybees jumped on the fucking wasp or the horn at the same time.
And they want top of them.
And they started like basically dry humping him.
But what they really were doing,
and they will vibrating.
And I guess a Hornet can only survive in temperatures up to 116 degrees.
We're a honeybee can go up to 118 degrees.
So these mother fuckers,
they vibrated to the point where the temperature was 118 degrees,
one degree,
fucking more la,
117 degrees,
one degree more than the Horner could,
could fucking survive.
And one degree less than what would fucking kill them.
It was,
it was one of the greatest attacks,
the mercy of life.
And they basically cook the fucker.
And that was the end of him.
So get those six year olds knew I was coming and they all jumped on me and
started fucking vibrating being a redhead.
I mean,
once they got over 80 degrees,
I would be fucked.
I'd be passed out and that would be the end of it.
All they'd have to do is drag my unconscious carcass out to the sun and then
that would be it.
That would be a death by third degrees.
Sunburns.
All right,
Jesus.
I'm like out of breath from answering that one.
Okay.
Um,
now we're getting onto overrated,
underrated.
Then I got to get on with my,
uh,
with my day here as to you.
Who's kidding?
Who,
why am I acting like I'm the only busy one?
All right.
For those of you new to my podcast last couple of weeks,
people have been sending me in,
uh,
their list of stuff that they think is overrated and underrated.
I'll say as a new Ucla Bruin Fan,
you know what I find fucking overrated.
The fucking Tennessee volunteers.
What do you think about that?
Ranked against Ucla where they rank 44th,
the third string quarterback when a checklist height gain the guy to for
pickoffs,
one for a touchdown in the first half.
And then he came out in the second half,
like fucking Joe Montana,
Kurt Warner,
and maybe even Fran Tarkington.
Um,
all right.
You don't actually is overrated is underrated,
is a man's ability to shower,
shave,
and be ready and in the fucking car within 15 minutes.
I experienced that this weekend when Finney brand,
the beloved owner of the Stress Factory in New Jersey took me out on his boat.
Okay.
And we came back,
the show was in an hour and there was some sort of boat house and he's like,
he talks like fucking,
you know,
a muppet.
He's like,
oh,
I got it on there.
I got,
Oh,
I've got to take a shower.
Just hang on a second.
And he leaves me in the car with his awful fucking Bruce Springsteen CD cause
everybody in New Jersey loves Bruce Springsteen.
So,
uh,
he goes in and I'm thinking it's going to be a fuck.
He's going to be in it for 25 fucking minutes.
Let's do it in and out.
Came out,
you know,
he looked like smelled of man soap and he was fucking ready to go.
He actually make,
made me feel unclean within 10 minutes.
It's an incredible thing.
So that's my overrated,
underrated for the week.
Okay.
Here's everybody else's.
Alright.
Overrated Stella bear.
It tastes just like Budweiser and every non tasting having schlepped insist it's
a quality beer.
I guess nobody's heard of Lam.
Lango needas or dog fish head.
You know what?
I've never heard of those either and I can't,
I can't pass judgment on those.
But those sounds like those kinds of beers that I see when I go to Colorado and
there's those,
those rafting Hippie,
I'm into.
Dave Matthews,
Bergen stock,
hackey sack fuckers drinking,
that kind of shit.
You know when you go down there and they have those,
those fucking micro brews.
I think microbrews overrated,
but the best one I did,
I went to was the one I told you Dan on Nantucket.
Cisco Breweries.
Man,
God damn and I'm still waiting for my vodka by the way.
You sons of bitches.
I understand your mom and pop.
What the fuck?
I got three bottles at AAA coming my way and I have since quit drinking.
Maybe they listened to the podcast.
All right.
Overrated hyped up bachelor parties.
Oh,
isn't that the truth?
You always think it's going to be like a fucking movie.
This guy says if you have to wear a tee shirt that says something like stick a
fork in them,
it's almost guaranteed that it's going to be a queer fest
especially.
There's definitely going to be at least one dip.
Shit.
That is way too into taking pictures.
I know how gay is that guys can't take textures.
That's fucking gay.
[inaudible] some gay about me.
I'm actually in the flowers to a like,
it's so gay.
It goes beyond gay and comes back into a heterosexual,
I think.
No it doesn't.
Maybe it comes to a sort of gay,
heterosexual,
I don't know.
I like flowers.
I realized that about myself,
about a couple of faces and every week I'd come off the road.
I was actually arranging them today like measuring the stems and looking at the
colors to try and set them up.
I've got like these days he's right.
I got one is yellow ones like this sort of like a,
you have a see a fender strat.
When they got that sunburst finish,
that's what it looks like.
Then I got like these three lavender one,
so put the lavender ones in the back.
They'd like to backup singers.
You know what I mean?
You don't like those,
those big black chicks they always have behind the skinny white girl who can't
fucking sing.
You know?
That's how I arrange them.
I put the Pale ones up front.
It's like Paul Simon as what it is.
It's like Paul Simon on the rhythm of the saints tour.
That's how I arrange a,
and I don't know.
I look at them,
they make me feel good
and you know,
I'm comfortable enough with myself to be able to admit that.
All right.
Another overrated thing.
Somebody said Notre Dame and he said I can go on forever forever about this one.
But the amount of assets that a blue chip or gives up not playing in places like
South Beach,
Miami or southern California cause he just had to wait cause he just had to wear
the gold helmet sickens me.
Oh isn't that truth?
That's the truth.
Yeah.
But if you play for the University of Miami,
man,
that's a fucking dangerous place.
That's a God damn dangerous placement.
You guys have fatalities on the regular,
on your teeth.
And I just say on the regular,
whether they rent fucking Fridays last night,
how do I start off saying bananas and then I go with on the,
on the regular,
um,
you know something,
I always wanted to go to university of Miami game,
but I wanted to go when they played in the orange bowl.
Now they play in the Joe Robbie.
It just doesn't seem right.
You know what I mean?
Um,
okay.
Another thing,
overrated Asian Pussy.
I'm not sure what I was expecting,
but I'll be honest,
I was expecting more.
Uh,
well,
did you ever think that maybe the Asian you hooked up with wasn't good in bed?
I mean,
you're going to judge an entire continent.
You know what's funny is when people say Asian immediately,
myself included,
as doesn't everybody think,
you know,
Chinese,
Japanese,
Korean,
Vietnamese,
anybody,
you know,
with the,
uh,
quote unquote,
Asian eyes,
one of the politically correct way of saying what the fucking Spanish basketball
team was trying to do.
But that also could be mean.
You hooked up from somebody from India and they stunk in bed.
You know what I mean?
I think you should,
uh,
listen,
there's fucking hotties.
Well,
you know what,
this,
this deserves a followup question.
How many Asians did you hook up with before you decided to do an entire
continent of pussy?
I mean,
that,
that's pretty amazing when it's one of the biggest continence out there,
if not the biggest is it?
I have no fucking,
it was Africa.
Bigger Africa's bigger,
but I gotta tell you some age is on the rise too.
So,
you know,
be watch what you say.
Okay?
You saw what China did in the Olympics.
They can do that on the rings.
Just think what they can do in the a fucking,
I dunno.
Computer industry.
All right,
let's get to,
uh,
let's get the underrated,
underrated.
This guy says,
uh,
early nineties gangster rap videos,
hands down the greatest videos ever made.
Just a bunch of black dudes hanging out in Compton with their baseball caps
blurred out.
I miss those days.
Uh,
I gotta agree with you,
man.
Those we'll fucking great days from that time.
They was that really pretty girl at the party and they don't shake up their
forties and they dump it on her head because she,
you know,
she thought she was the shit.
You know what the reality is?
Is they were looking at her thinking that she thought that she was the shit for
all,
you know,
she was fucking,
she was probably insecure,
like a lot of beautiful women are.
He always got some sort of hangup.
Oh my God.
I hate my ankles,
you know,
so she was probably thinking that cause she wasn't wearing jeans,
she's wearing a little hoary outfit.
So she's actually in our head,
which caused her have a shutdown look on her face.
So then snoop it or whoever,
Dre or Warren g or whatever the fuck it was out there in Cali.
They also look at his bitch.
She,
she's all fucking stuck up.
And then they shook up their forties and they dumped it over fucking head.
And she probably ran home crying thinking that they did it because they didn't
like our ankles.
And you know what,
that probably led to her being a stripper.
That's how it happens.
All right.
Uh,
underrated.
Ricky Gervais'.
Sky's made two great TV shows and less than five years,
less than five years of each other.
And he still doesn't get the Kudos he deserves.
Maybe it's because there's no laugh track.
Who knows?
I gotta say something.
Ricky Gervais' is a fucking genius.
And if you never saw the original version of the office,
no offense to the American version,
it's unbelievable.
He's that guy.
That guy is a genius.
That one.
I can't remember the,
what the episode was about,
but that one where he plays the guitar in the middle of the meeting is the most
uncomfortable,
hilarious fucking thing I've ever seen.
And that guy,
I like how he has a drinking problem and how being an alcoholic is still funny
in England,
you can make fun of people having drinking problems over here.
It's only going to have an intervention.
Why are you doing this to yourself?
Um,
all right,
we're winding down here.
I the movie base,
Get Ball,
David Zucker and the south park guys together,
a very underappreciated movie.
You know what?
I got to rent that because when I looked at the trailer,
I'm like,
that looks fucking stupid.
And then a comedian that I respected sought and told me it was hilarious and it
was a good movie.
And,
uh,
I'm going to rent that.
I'm gonna to rent that fucker.
Uh,
speaking of which,
I finally saw Miller's crossing and the end,
and I got to admit,
uh,
John to Turo is fucking unreal.
And that movie got,
damn it.
That was a good fucking movie.
Um.
All right.
Last thing.
Last thing for this week's underrated list is rage against the machine.
This guy says,
in my opinion,
the best band in the past 20 years.
Wow.
And for all the shit that's going on in the world now,
there music was way before its time.
That original album is genius from to finish.
My only complaint was when I saw them at Randall's island last year.
It was rage against the machine brought to you by rockstar energy drink.
That upset me as well.
It should as well it should.
But you know something.
That's what happens after awhile.
After awhile you get into middle age and you like,
you know what?
At some point I'd like to sleep on a bed.
I'd like to have a fucking couch.
And you know what?
I drink rockstar energy drink.
It tastes good to me.
So if they want to fucking finance the God damn for what do I care?
I mean,
do they have eight year olds putting rock star drink into fucking coke cans over
in Thailand?
Because if that's the case,
I want support it.
Okay.
But if it's somebody used to build fucking,
I don't know where the fuck I'm going with this.
Anyways,
I want to thank everybody for listening to my podcast and like I said,
if you knew what it might page,
which I keep saying because I,
well,
I'm hoping I have some new people with the new special out.
Um,
I do one of these every week to give you a laugh.
At the beginning of the week I answer questions people send in their underrated
overrated lifts.
I'm trying to get an a new list going because I'm starting to think that that
one is,
uh,
I think we've,
I think we've pretty much handled it at this point.
Um,
keeps sending those in.
But if anybody wants to start a new list,
please,
by all means,
because,
uh,
I do not have creative control of the podcast.
If you want to switch the direction of it,
just send me a funny fucking email that spins the off.
I'll babble about something else.
Maybe somebody else will add to it.
And that's how it happens.
Huh?
Isn't that interesting?
All right.
So this week coming up,
I'm going to be a,
I'm actually doing a college gig at a with Charlie Murphy and,
uh,
Umass Amhurst in Boston.
Now it's a private show.
So that's only for students unless you somehow wink,
wink,
figure out a way to sneak in,
which you didn't hear here,
which of course you did because now it's a podcast.
I don't advocate doing that.
I don't advocate putting on a baseball hat and looking like you are of college
age and trying to just sort of walk a walk in with the rest of the students.
I do not advocate doing that.
Okay.
Don't do that.
That would really make me upset.
All right there.
I'm in the clear now.
Um,
and the following weeks,
September 11th through the 1,130,
I think the 13th,
I'm going to be at the punchline in San Francisco and the weekend after that,
uh,
what's 11 and seven 11 and 17,
18 1920 and 21 I will be at the funny bone in,
uh,
Richmond,
Virginia.
I'll be visiting my buddy sludge out there on the radio and uh,
I'll be performing right down there at the mall,
right across some Dick's sporting goods.
How you liked that,
right back down to earth.
One hour special.
I'm on top of the world two weeks later unperforming across some addicts in
Richmond.
Virginia is a fucking reality slap for you.
Um,
and that is it.
And the new DVD,
we'll be out of this special on September and I will be selling that fucker at
all my shows and I'll be autographing autographing it.
And if you buy it and you just want to come to one of my shows and bring it up
to me and you want me to sign it,
I'll sign the fucker.
Cause uh,
I appreciate you buying it and that is it.
And for those of you who want to know what the extras are on it really quick,
uh,
I have the Philadelphia rant is one of the extras,
the classic cell phone footage from the show in Camden,
New Jersey,
where I got booed in front of those people.
Everybody knows what it is.
So that I got that on there.
I got the uninformed one where I had my radio show where me and Joe got in a
huge argument.
And then we ended up,
we tried to settle it with a drum battle.
And,
uh,
then I got some of the footage of me just going around to the New York clubs,
talking about different horrific sets that I've had over the years,
just telling the story.
So ton of extras and all that bullshit.
And now I'm done babbling.
Thank you so much for listening.
Uh,
you guys all have a good weekend next week.
I actually will do it on Monday.
On Monday,
right
morning podcast.
There you go.
Everybody has a good,
so [inaudible] [inaudible].